Cleanup & Add contribution guide (#42)
huggingface/huggingface-llama-recipes: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Welcome to the contribution guide 🤗

> We are excited to invite the community to contribute to the repository! We appreciate all contributions, big or small. Your efforts help make this repository a valuable resource for everyone working with Llama 3.x models in the Hugging Face ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to invite the community to contribute to the repository! We appreciate all contributions, big or small. Your efforts help make this repository a valuable resource for everyone working with Llama models.
```

## 🚀 How to Contribute

1. **Fork the Repository**
    - Click on the "Fork" button at the top right corner of this page to create your own copy of the repository.
    
    ![fork button](../assets/Fork.png)

2. **Create a Branch**
    - In your forked repository, create a new branch for your contribution:
        ```bash
        git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
        ```

3. **Make Your Changes**
    - Add your scripts, notebooks, or any relevant files.
    - **Don't forget to update the `README.md`** to include your example, 
        so others can easily find and use it.

4. **Commit and Push**
    - Commit your changes with a meaningful commit message:
        ```bash
        git commit -m "Add feature: your feature name"
        ```
    - Push the changes to your forked repository:
        ```bash
        git push origin feature/your-feature-name
        ```

5. **Open a Pull Request**
    - Navigate to the original repository and click on "New Pull Request"
    - Compare across forks and select your branch.
    
    ![pull request](../assets/PR.png)
    - Provide a clear description of your contribution.
   

## 💡 Need Help?

> If you have any questions or need guidance, feel free to open an issue or start a discussion. We're here to help!

Reviewer: Let's concentrate discussions on issues/PRs. I think we should not enable discussions for this repo as it's too small at the moment.

```suggestion
If you have any questions or need guidance, feel free to open an issue or draft PR. We're here to help!
```
